ENH Avoid repeated input checks in kmeans++ (#19002)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

    :pr:`123456` by :user:`Joe Bloggs <joeongithub>`.
    where 123456 is the *pull request* number, not the issue number.

:mod:`sklearn.cluster`
......................

- |Efficiency| The "k-means++" initialization of :class:`cluster.KMeans` and

>   :class:`cluster.MiniBatchKMeans` is now faster, especially on multicore
>   setting. :pr:`19002` by :user:`Jon Crall <Erotemic>` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :class:`cluster.MiniBatchKMeans` is now faster, especially in multicore
  settings. :pr:`19002` by :user:`Jon Crall <Erotemic>` and
```
